[Outlook] (REST) Update deprecation date (#4228)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/use-rest-api.md

---
title: Use the Outlook REST APIs from an Outlook add-in
description: Learn how to use the Outlook REST APIs from an Outlook add-in to get an access token.
ms.date: 10/24/2023
ms.topic: how-to
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Use the Outlook REST APIs from an Outlook add-in

The [Office.context.mailbox.item](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/office.context.mailbox.item) namespace provides access to many of the common fields of messages and appointments. However, in some scenarios an add-in may need to access data that isn't exposed by the namespace. For example, the add-in may rely on custom properties set by an outside app, or it needs to search the user's mailbox for messages from the same sender. In these scenarios, the [Outlook REST APIs](/outlook/rest) is the recommended method to retrieve the information.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Outlook REST v2.0 and beta endpoints deprecation**
>

> > The Outlook REST v2.0 and beta endpoints will be [fully deprecated on March 31, 2024](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/microsoft365dev/outlook-rest-api-v2-0-and-beta-endpoints-decommissioning-update/). However, active add-ins are able to keep using the REST service until [extended support ends for Outlook 2019 on October 14, 2025](/lifecycle/end-of-support/end-of-support-2025). Add-in traffic that uses the service are automatically identified for exemption based on the add-in's manifest ID. This exemption applies to privately released and AppSource-hosted add-ins. It also includes new add-ins developed after the decommission date.

Reviewer: One suggestion for brevity and one to remove a little jargon.
```suggestion
> The Outlook REST v2.0 and beta endpoints will be [fully deprecated on March 31, 2024](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/microsoft365dev/outlook-rest-api-v2-0-and-beta-endpoints-decommissioning-update/). However, active add-ins are able to use the REST service until [extended support ends for Outlook 2019 on October 14, 2025](/lifecycle/end-of-support/end-of-support-2025). Add-ins that use the service are automatically identified for exemption based on the add-in's manifest ID. This exemption applies to privately released and AppSource-hosted add-ins. It also includes new add-ins developed after the decommission date.
```
